---
layout: post
title:  "Final Project"
permalink: /12/
---

### 6/27/19 -- Final Project Idea

For my final project, I want to incorporate new fabrication techniques that I have little to no prior experience with electronics to make a project that I can use and further develop after the summer.

**I want to make a wearable control system to drive around a small robot.**

The wearable control system will be a glove-like apparatus. It will have certain circuits or sensors within the glove so that when the user's hand flexes or relaxes, the glove will have a completed circuit or give a sensor value that will translate into a motion for the driving robot. Different fingers flexed would translate to turning or stopping. The completion of these circuits would then be translated into movement commands sent over serial communication to a small robot.

The glove would ultimately be made of a softer material, maybe cast/molded, and have circuits and electronics smoothly embedded in it. It would have the main Arduino/circuitboard on the back of the hand. _sketch glove here_

The robot being controlled would be a small, simple robot. It would either have a 3 or 4 wheel drive, and would likely be made out of CNC milled material or a 3D printed chassis. The electronics would be easily accessible. _sketch robot here_

I think the connection between the glove and the robot would be accomplished with serial communication and some sort of radio module. Not really sure about that aspect yet, I need to learn more about electronics first.

_drawing of both_

Tests/Prototypes I could make:
1. Start with a latex glove, add on electronics
2. Laser cut pieces for the robot chassis
3. Test out different materials for the final glove piece

My eventual goal with this final project is to get the small robot to drive around the lab being controlled by motions of my hand.